TODO 1. The login screen's view port appears to be shrunken to mobile size, I need it to be full screen and responsive even on desktop. 

TODO 2. The Top navigation section is not displayed on the screen, I need it to display.

TODO 3. After killing enemies, the loot drop system is not what I want. First of all, items should not have "需要等级", I do not want items to have level requirements before being able to be equipped. Secondly, what I want to see is the icon of the loot items, currently it displays the few dropped items with their names, the UI is just bad. What I want is a modal, displaying the icons of the dropped items, each icon surrounded by a box, with the background of the box showing the tier color of the item, the tier name in the background, and the name of the item above the icon. On the top right of this box, a green arrow pointing upwards should show if this item provides a higher 战力 then the current equipped item in this body slot by the user. Then the user can click onto this box with the item icon, which brings up a new modal comparing the stats between the equipped item and the newly dropped item.

TODO 4. The Xmultiplier value is not correctly displaying in the frontend: <div className="multiplier-display">{user.xMultiplier || 1}倍</div>, this error can be fixed by modifying "BottomNavigationArea2" component. Currently it is bugged, no matter what the actual Xmultiplier value is, it just displays 1.

TODO 5. The tier color is a bit incorrect, modify tierColors.js to make me satisfied:
凡品 - grey
良品 - green
上品 - dark cyan
极品 - light purple
灵品 - bright yellow
王品 - orange
圣品 - red
帝品 - pink
帝品.精 - purple to blue gradient
帝品.珍 - slightly dark green to light green gradient
帝品.极 - slightly dark blue to light blue gradient
帝品.绝 - slightly dark purple to light purple gradient
仙品.精 - slightly dark gold to light gold gradient
仙品.极 - slightly dark red to light red gradient
Make sure the gradient's are balanced with 50:50 ratio and has a seemless soft transition between the colors. Currently it is not seemless transition between the two colors in the graident.